hey there it's j ro here on the j ro
show bringing you guys another delicious
and simple vegan recipe on the show
today and if you take it way back into
family traditions and celebrations
usually there's one or two really key
things in each tradition or culture and
today i'm going to be doing a vegan
version of a traditional mexican drink
i'm going to be doing horchata now
normally they drink this on Cinco de
Mayo for celebrations but this recipe is
so simple and delicious you can make it
any time of the year hot or cold so
first thing we gotta do is grab a
blender mug and our base is gonna be
simply 1 cup of room temperature
filtered water now the key to or chopta
is not just the taste of it trying to
mimic that authentic flavor but getting
the right texture so in this case we're
going to be using a half cup of soaked
hazelnuts now to get a little bit more
creaminess you want to add a quarter cup
of cooked white rice you can get kind of
sticky in there for the sweetness factor
you can do an agave you can do maple
syrup in this case I'm gonna go a little
bit unique here and do a raw coconut
nectar two tablespoons next up we're
going to do a full teaspoon of ground
cinnamon a little bitty pinch of salt
and then last we're gonna bump up the
protein and the creaminess in this
recipe by adding a half scoop of our
warrior blend protein now it's time to
rev it up and get ourselves some vegan
horchata
as I mentioned you guys can do this hot
or you can do it cold I like a little
bit of coldness today here it's a little
bit hot so I'm gonna add right around a
cup of ice cubes which is about four to
five big ones so let's add a handful of
ice cubes
mmm smells good let's give it a taste
pretty darn good the flavor of the
hazelnuts is really interesting here
because it has like I don't like a smoky
undertone but definitely authentic the
cinnamon the sweetness it's right on par
with a traditional or chata so if you
guys dug my recipe for jata here today
give this video a thumbs up and let me
know what's your favorite traditional
Mexican recipe to make let me know in
the comments below and I'll try and make
a version here on the show so this is j
ro here on the j ro show you guys
enjoying a quick and easy vegan or chata
and if you guys have not yet subscribed
subscribe to this channel to get
delicious vibrant vegan recipes and
living tips every week and i'm also
thrown down with the Sun warrior tribe
so be sure to subscribe to their channel
as well this is really when a ball jar
shines right check that out perfect
we're gonna put a little cinnamon on top
here that's perfect all right so guys
I'm out of here thanks so much for
hanging around and enjoying this order
chata recipe and I will catch you guys
on the flipside the real thing to do
would actually be like take a blender
fold this and going on to like Echo Park
and East I'll light and give it to all
the Mexican people down and be like yo I
made some vegan horchata you guys like
this muy Rico I think I might do that
stay tuned for that possible video see
you guys